Thank you for booking your aptitude assessment online. We look forward to helping you unveil your potentials. Below are the details for your booking.

Booking reference number: %s
Name: %s
Contact Number: %s
Email Address: %s
Address: %s
Suburb: %s
State: %s
Postcode: %s
Country: %s
Booking type: %s
Data scanning appointment: %s (A consultant will contact you to advise the appointment time)
Total Price: %s
Deposit Paid: %s
Total Owing: %s
Message to our consultant: %s

Please find our booking terms & conditions below for your reference.

-------------------

Terms and Conditions:

Payment of balance
The outstanding balance is payable by the data scanning appointment time. We offer the following payment options:
1. Payment by direct bank transfer (preferred)
    Account Name: Aptitude World
    BSB: 032 257
    Account number: 391306
    NOTE: Please include the booking reference number and surname in your payment.
2. Payment by cash at the data scanning appointment (please provide the exact amount)
3. Payment by credit card or PayPal via our website.

Cancellation
Should you have to cancel your assessment, you must notify us at least 24 hour in advance. The deposit is not refundable but transferrable once only. Once biometric data is taken, no cancellation of service can be made.

Confidentiality
Your personal data is treated with utmost privacy and confidentiality. Once the aptitude report is generated, the biometric data is automatically deleted from the system. Aptitude World is not able to recreate or regenerate biometric data for any purpose.

Disclaimer
The undersigned has understood the nature of the service, agreed to subscribe to the said service and its consultation. Aptitude World does not make any representation, statement or remark to the undersigned on what the customer will or will not do based on the aptitude analysis. The analysis does not predict what the future holds. Aptitude World shall take its commitment in providing its service to the customer and no discrepancies shall be arised by either party after the consultation.

-------------------

Kind Regards,
Aptitude World
Ph 1300 88 78 71
info@aptitudeworld.com.au